{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Garamond;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green41\blue46;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab1304
\pard\tx720\pardeftab1304\li720\fi-360\ri-386\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs20 \cf2 \'95	what do I want to learn or understand better?\
\pard\pardeftab1304\li720\ri-386\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We are in the beginning phase of the project, and therefore the first thing I would like to know more about is the scrum model. If we work in a good and structured way it\'92s more likely that the project outcome will be good and structured. So the first step is to develop this knowledge. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab1304\li720\fi-360\ri-386\sb60\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \'95	how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?\
\pard\pardeftab1304\li720\ri-386\sb60\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 By discussing relevant subjects (such as scrum, how to create an app etc.) together with the other team members all of us will obtain a deeper understanding. At this early phase, I will also try to find relevant literature to share with my team. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab1304\li720\fi-360\ri-386\sb60\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \'95	what is my contribution towards the team\'92s application of scrum?\
\pard\pardeftab1304\li720\ri-386\sb60\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 My contribution is to study literature, and to familiarize myself with the different platforms that we are about to use. I have not been in Gothenburg this week, so I have tried my best to deliver from distance and access knowledge on my own. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab1304\li720\fi-360\ri-386\sb60\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \'95	what is my contribution towards the team\'92s deliveries? \
\pard\pardeftab1304\li720\ri-386\sb60\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Since it is the first week we haven\'92t delivered that much yet, and no code for sure. The first step was to find group members, followed by trying to figure out what to do, to create accounts at Trello, 16 topics, Slack and Github etc. for the future work. I was not able to attend the classes, since I was skiing in \'c5re, but I kept in contact with the group anyway during the whole week. Yesterday we had a skype meeting where we went through our team reflection, set up to dos\'92 and planned the next week.
\f1 \
}